feat: Translate docs 2.0 (#868)
ZupIT/beagle-docs: content/en/web/commons/navigation/navigation-controllers.md

}
```

This is simple navigation controller with the sole purpose of demonstrating this feature.

- It shows a dialog every time a page starts loading. If an error happens.
- it shows an error dialog, which offers an option to retry.
- When the page is successfully loaded, it renders the page.

The only non-intuitive parameter in the NavigationController is the `completeNavigation`.

{{% alert color="success" %}}

> You can ignore this if you don't intent to show a Beagle UI before the success event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can ignore this if you don't intend to present a Beagle UI before the success event.
```

{{% /alert %}}

By default, if you don't call the `completeNavigation` function, the navigation will occur after the success event. But, navigation controllers, like the default one, uses the Beagle Structure to render the feedback.

The `Default NavigationController` renders the `custom:loading` Beagle component whenever a loading event happens and that is why it needs to call the `completeNavigation` function inside the `onLoading` method. In this way, Beagle can properly render the component.

## Registering the navigation controllers

1. You must create a map to handle all `navigation controllers` that can be used by the backend, where the keys are the *controller ids* and the values are instances of `NavigationController`.

2. On this map you can also define another `NavigationController` that you want to be used as the *default*. To do so, just use the `defaultNavigationController` property. The ``default`` navigation controller is used whenever no ``controllerId`` is given or whenever no controller matching the given id is found.

> If you have three navigation controllers: `inYourFace`, `secured` and `public`. `inYourFace` is the default, while `secured` and `public` are used in specific sections of the app and are referenced via controllerId, set on your Screen on the backend. The configuration would be as following:

Reviewer: Is inYourFace a custom name?

Author: Yes
